welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode for this
episode starts over at the hilltop where
we haven't really been in this season
the big excitement tree falls down crush
in the barn or whatever the big question
of course is this bad luck or is it the
whisperers people are starting to think
it's the whisperers Michonne's riding
out to help but on the road they run
into king Ezekiel he's been pretty
depressed lately losing the kingdom and
his relationship with Carol Michonne
follows him up to suicide point and
she's like yo King don't you do it she
stalks him off the ledge and he responds
by kissing her yeah I mean sometimes
your emotions get all out of whack they
make a joke here that they might have
gotten together in an alternate universe
which apparently is in the comics
they're a long-standing couple in the
show who knows we'll see I mean Ricky's
gone for good and Michonne is not gotten
any in six years it'd be weird since the
king is still in love with Carol but I
guess if she dies then it's on back at
Alexandria let's check in with Lydia
she's having a hard time fitting in her
mom being responsible for killing people
she's not very well-liked her mom's
alpha of course if you forgot so she
runs to another outcast for help
mr. negan he gives her the fatherly
advice like hey don't let him get you
down kids so she goes and sits at their
lunch table and eats a squirrel in front
of them yeah that'll show him
unfortunately it just riles them up more
and these three a-holes attack her
doesn't matter who they are by the way
the girl was one of the Highwaymen so
she wants revenge for the cool cowboy
hat guy and these two are just I don't
know douchebag teenagers but luckily who
comes to her rescue
mr. negan he shoves him away stops the
fight unfortunately though he shoved the
one a little too hard she dead now it's
pretty obvious the douchebags were in
the wrong but to the average Alexandrian
who wasn't there it's kind of like yeah
and he can killed someone clearly let's
execute him
the council's deciding against fate
Aaron votes to kill him even though
negan saved his life last episode but
they're generally split and the swing
vote comes down to Daryl who's voting as
a proxy for Michonne now Daryl has
almost more reason to hate negan than
anyone he was there for a lot of it
remember he was at the head bashing and
he was kept captive at the sanctuary for
half a season but Lydia
one of Darryl's peeps after their
adventures last season he's gonna
protect her no matter what
she's like no negan's the good guy he
saved me so Daryl believes her and he
votes to let he can live unfortunately
votes might not matter they might be
dealing with mob justice because
graffiti pops up silence the whisperers
there's the title of the episode so in
the morning when father Gabriel goes to
talk to negan he's already gone
someone let him out of his cage set
frigging the negan Lydia claims it was
her and just goes down to sleep in the
cell Daryl knows it wasn't her though
that released negan
was it Daryl back at Hilltop dealing
with the tree they got zombie trouble
the new crew goes out to fight him I
call them the new crew still because I
don't individually know their names but
there seems like they're sticking around
so I better get to learn them Walking
Dead new crew the leader is Magne she's
the badass knife chick the Asian girl is
Yuka moe and actually Magne and Yuka Moe
are hooking up now so that's the thing
then up having a big fight though later
so maybe it's off alright the funny
music guy is Luke who is now using the
most ridiculous weapon ever I love that
thing the Deaf girl is Connie and her
younger sister is Kelly they have a
really sweet zombie fighting scene
always in for one of these per episode
in the end they have to retreat and the
zombies knock down part of the wall
luckily just then the cavalry comes
riding in Ezekiel and Michonne here to
save the day and Judith is actually
pulling her weight she's quite the
little zombie killer
so hilltop is safe for now but Michonne
gets a distress call from Oceanside
something's happened over there - was
this the whispers also well it's like
Michonne says once it's coincidence
twice is bad luck but three times yeah
it's through his purse Luke's gonna go
to Oceanside with her back in episode 1
he met a cute Oceanside girl so you know
they're gonna reconnect and then the
episode ends back at Alexandria the
silence the whispers graffiti ax staff
started graffitiing all the things yeah
so Alexandria is experiencing a lot of
civil unrest so there you have it
Walking Dead episode 4 hit that
subscribe button catch all the rest of
The Walking Dead recaps plus plenty
other cool shows
[Music]